so that's a part of that that I think you need not to ignore know that
it will be part of your job you do it especially as you get senior
but no that's not near as much fun this gone home and write code you
know the more I look at these questions if I find more and more that
I don't even I don't know useful and you should all vote that's real
quick one of the long term impacts of entering your Stanfield or
staff one lawyer in long term impact of being instant feel that you
need to take cognizance of is technology does move ahead you've got
to keep your self educated you got to keep yourself up to date talon
taking some more education talent takes more courses and go to every
conference get a chance go to see you can hear what's going on